Plot language (#2239)
bootstrapworld/curriculum: lessons/Data-Science/advanced-visualizations/langs/en-us/index.adoc

> = Advanced Visualizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Advanced Data Visualizations
```

```
|===

*For students who are really into graphics:* To take their data visualizations to the next level, have them check out @opt-starter-file{piecewise-animal-images} and @opt-printable-exercise{animal-image-explore.adoc}.

*For students who are really ready for a programming challenge:* have them open @opt-starter-file{custom-scatter-plot-w-range} and complete @opt-printable-exercise{value-range-dot-explore.adoc}.

}

@slidebreak

> Pyret allows us to create advanced visualizations for several types of charts!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyret allows us to create advanced versions of several types of data visualizations!
```
